# IndexBot Privacy Policy

Last updated: January 19, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.


## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

* **Company**(referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to INDEXBOT LLC.

* **Country** refers to: Indiana, United States.

* **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

* **Service** means the interfacing of commands/actions through discord to our servers.

* **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

* **Service** means the interfacing of commands/actions through discord to our servers.

* **Usage Data** efers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself.

* **Website** refers to IndexBot Website, accessible from https://index-bot.com

* **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

